feat: add agent options (#643)
MONEI/Shopify-api-node: README.md

  attach to all outgoing requests, like `beforeRetry`, `afterResponse`, etc.
  Hooks should be provided in the same format that Got expects them and will
  receive the same arguments Got passes unchanged.

> - `agent` - Optional - A list of `got`
>   [request agent](https://github.com/sindresorhus/got/tree/v11.8.6?tab=readme-ov-file#agent)
>   This is necessary because a request to one protocol might redirect to another. 
>   In such a scenario, Got will switch over to the right protocol agent for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `agent` - Optional - An object that is passed as the `agent` option to `got`.
  This allows to use a proxy server. See
  [Got documentation](https://github.com/sindresorhus/got/tree/v11.8.6?tab=readme-ov-file#proxies)
  for more details.
```
